0.  Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is a lung disease caused by the inhalation of very fine silicate or quarts dust.

1.  getrusage returns resource usage measures, meaning it adds up time used by resources based on "who" is evaluated (RUSAGE_SELF in this case).

2.  There are 16 members in variable type struct rusage. Not all fields are completed, incomplete fields are set to 0.

3.  Passing by reference doesn't require a temporary copy of the members of the struct to be made, the function can look directly at the data.
    Passing a copy of a large struct would add to runtime, in this case the data is safe because the struct was defined as a const.
    
4.  The for loop first gets a character from the text file, checks that it is not the end of file, when it returns it gets a new
    character. The first loop inside checks if the character is alphabetic or an apostrophe (as long as the apostrophe is not at the
    begining of the word). If the check is passed, the charater is apended to the array "word". Index is incremented so the next
    character is placed in the next element of the array. Before returning to the for loop the array "word" is compared to the constant
    "LENGTH", if "word" is longer than LENGTH a while loop is initiated until the "\0" is found in the text file. Index is reset for "word"
    to be overwritten. If a number is in the string the next loop will iterate through the string until the "\0" is found and reset
    index. If the "\0" is found the two loops are skipped (because "\0" is neither alphanumeric nor apostrophe). If index is greater than
    0, a "\0" is added to the end of "word". The word counter is incremented and "word" is passed to the check function. If "word" fails
    check function, it is printed and misspellings is incremented. index is reset to 0.
    
5.  fscanf would be redundant and presumably slower at runtime. The string has to be evaluated character by character anyway
    to ensure it contains only letters and apostrophes before it is passed to the check function. fscanf creates an copy of a string. 
    fgetc cuts out the middle man by evaluating each charater directly.
    
6.  The parameters for check and load are declared as const so that their values cannot be changed.
